PieChart: update Pie with Custom Labels demo description (#2288)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Charts/PieWithCustomLabels/description.md

This demo illustrates how to customize the PieChart component labels.

The [series](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/).[label](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/) object allows you to specify the following settings:

- [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#visible)    
Specifies the visibility of point labels.

- [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#position)    
Specifies a label position relative to the PieChart.

    - `outside`   
    The labels are outside the component.

    - `columns`    

>     The labels are outside the component and are rearranged in columns. You can see the implementation in this demo.

Reviewer: > The labels are outside the component and are **rearranged** in columns.

Why **re**arranged? They are just arranged in columns in this mode.

```suggestion
    The labels are outside the component and are arranged in columns. In this demo, you can see this mode in action.
```

    - `inside`    
    The labels are inside the points.

- [customizeText](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#customizeText)    

> A function that returns the text to be displayed by point labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function that returns text displayed by point labels.
```

- [font](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/font/)    

> Specifies font properties for the label text. Includes multiple settings. This demo uses the [size](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/font/#size) option to change the font size.

Reviewer: Well, if you already say "specifies font properties", it actually means that this property is actually a property set and, therefore, includes multiple settings. Therefore, we can safely remove "includes multiple settings".

```suggestion
Specifies font properties for label text. This demo uses the nested [size](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/font/#size) property to change the font size.
```

- [connector](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/connector/)    

> Specifies connector properties for labels. Includes multiple settings. In this demo, the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/connector/#visible) property is enabled, and the connector [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/connector/#width) is set to 0.5.

Reviewer: Likewise. We do not need to repeat the obvious.

```suggestion
Specifies connector properties for labels. In this demo, the nested [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/connector/#visible) property is enabled, and the connector [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/connector/#width) is set to 0.5.
```

> You can also [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#format) label text and change [word wrap](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#wordWrap) mode, specify the [background color](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#backgroundColor) and [borders](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/border/), [rotate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#rotationAngle) and [shift](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#radialOffset) the labels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#format) label text and change [word wrap](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#wordWrap) mode, specify the [background color](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#backgroundColor) and [borders](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/border/), and [rotate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#rotationAngle) and [shift](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#radialOffset) the labels.
```

> You can also [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#format) label texts and change [word wrap](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#wordWrap) mode, specify [background color](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#backgroundColor) and [borders](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/border/), [rotate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#rotationAngle) and [shift](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#radialOffset) the labels.

Reviewer: Actually, the word "text" is uncountable. While you technically can say "texts", it would have been more related to relatively large bodies of text, such as articles or books. In the current context, "text" is equivalent to "texts", therefore, we can safely use the former because it's simpler.

Background color is countable.

```suggestion
You can also [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#format) label text and change [word wrap](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#wordWrap) mode, specify the [background color](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#backgroundColor) and [borders](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/border/), [rotate](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#rotationAngle) and [shift](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPieChart/Configuration/series/label/#radialOffset) the labels.
```
